# Beddit web API documentation (Beta)

[Beddit](http://www.beddit.com) is a sleep monitoring device and mobile
application. It has an ultra-thin film sensor that you place in your bed, under
the bed sheet. All you have to do is to sleep on it. Beddit connects wirelessly
to your smartphone and provides an overall sleep analysis every morning. It
measures the user's sleep stages, heart rate, breathing rate, snoring, and more.

When a Beddit user signs into Beddit, all her sleep data is automatically synced
to the Beddit servers. The web API gives developers the possibility to make
applications that use Beddit sleep data.

We kindly ask that you mention Beddit when you use data provided by the Beddit
API. We appreciate when our partners include a link back to www.beddit.com on
their website/app etc. and mention Beddit in, for example, publicly available
graphs based on Beddit sleep data. for the latter you can simply use "Powered by
Beddit"-text if graphical assets are not easily applicable.

Do let us know about anything cool that you build on top of our data so we can
share it in our channels! You can use the following assets:

![Beddit logo](images/beddit_logo.png)

![Beddit small logo](images/beddit_logo_small.png)

![Powered by Beddit](images/powered_by_beddit.png)

The API is free for all during the Beta period. At all times, Beddit reserves
the right to make changes to its API policy. Currently only Beddit Android app
works with the API. Support for iOS app is coming soon.

Please note that sleep data is very personal and sensitive. You should take extra
care to use and store it according to the best privacy and security practices. It is
a good policy to inform your user how you intend to use her data and in what
context.

If you intend to use the API for commercial purposes, please contact us using
[this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/14Dic31uJwmMULG1zEBZYDIbHa0O_lYJwWrpwCcQGvTg/viewform?usp=send_form).

By using the Beddit API you agree that you are fully responsible for your own
conduct and content, for any possible consequences and you cannot hold Beddit
Ltd., its affiliates or partners liable for possible violations. You agree not
to use the Beddit API for any illegal activities and agree to comply with all
relevant and applicable laws and regulations. You also agree to comply with
Beddit's privacy policy and API policies.

The documentation is divided into following chapters.

## [General](1-General.md)

Documents the general conventions used throughout the API.

## [Authentication](2-Authentication.md)

All access to user data in Beddit is authenticated with access tokens. This
chapter describes how authentication works and how access token is obtained.

## [Resources](3-Resources.md)

This chapter describes the resources for retrieving sleep data.


If you need help in using the API, please contact our customer support:
support@beddit.com.
